Vgui: Rework (#480)
TTT-2/TTT2: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Added ConVar to toggle double-click buying
- Added a new vgui system

>   - the F1 menu is completely overhauled

Reviewer: why is this in `Added` and not in `Changed` ?

Author: I thought about this as well ... but since the F1 screen is redone from scratch I think it fits better to added, but I dunno

  - introduced new development interfaces to easily create menues and settings for addons

> - Introduced a global scale factor
>   - based on a 1080p resolution and automatically adjusted to the current screen resolution (i.e. a 4k display has a default scale factor of 2)
>   - used by the HUD

Reviewer: this is way to detailed for a changelog entry imo

wouldn't something like the following suffice?
```suggestion
- Introduced a global scale factor based on screen resolution to scale HUD elements accordingly
```

Author: If you think yours is better, I'm fine with it
